The PHP extensions listed below are required for a WordPress site to work.

default - json – Used for communications with other servers and processing data in JSON format.
yes - One of either mysqli, mysql, or mysqlnd – Connects to MySQL for database interactions.
The PHP extensions listed below are highly recommended in order to allow WordPress to operate optimally and to maximise compatibility with many popular plugins and themes.

yes, requires lib - curl – Performs remote request operations.
default - dom – Used to validate Text Widget content and to automatically configure IIS7+.
yes - exif – Works with metadata stored in images.
default - fileinfo – Used to detect mimetype of file uploads.
default - hash – Used for hashing, including passwords and update packages.

imagick – Provides better image quality for media uploads. See WP_Image_Editor for details. Smarter image resizing (for smaller images) and PDF thumbnail support, when Ghost Script is also available.
mbstring – Used to properly handle UTF8 text.
openssl – Permits SSL-based connections to other hosts.
pcre – Increases performance of pattern matching in code searches.
xml – Used for XML parsing, such as from a third-party site.
zip – Used for decompressing Plugins, Themes, and WordPress update packages.

For the sake of completeness, below is a list of the remaining PHP modules WordPress may use in certain situations or if other modules are unavailable. These are fallbacks or optional and not necessarily needed in an optimal environment, but installing them won’t hurt.

bcmath – For arbitrary precision mathematics, which supports numbers of any size and precision up to 2147483647 decimal digits.
filter – Used for securely filtering user input.
gd – If Imagick isn’t installed, the GD Graphics Library is used as a functionally limited fallback for image manipulation.
iconv – Used to convert between character sets.
intl – Enable to perform locale-aware operations including but not limited to formatting, transliteration, encoding conversion, calendar operations, conformant collation, locating text boundaries and working with locale identifiers, timezones and graphemes.
mcrypt – Generates random bytes when libsodium and /dev/urandom aren’t available.
simplexml – Used for XML parsing.
sodium – Validates Signatures and provides securely random bytes.
xmlreader – Used for XML parsing.
zlib – Gzip compression and decompression.